[DOCS] Document known issue: Rule import fails if exceptions contain comments (#1558)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.0.asciidoc

[[release-notes-8.0.0]]
=== 8.0.0

[discrete]
[[upgrade-reqs-8.0.0]]
==== Upgrade requirements

> Before you upgrade, review the <<breaking-changes-8.0.0, breaking changes>> for this release and the <<upgrade-intro, {elastic-sec} upgrade instructions>>.

Reviewer: How about calling the second linked page "upgrade guidelines" or something similar? Some of the content on that page is traditional instructions, and some of it is a list of considerations.
```suggestion
Before you upgrade, review the <<breaking-changes-8.0.0, breaking changes>> for this release and the <<upgrade-intro, {elastic-sec} upgrade guidelines>>.
```

. Save the changes.
. Activate the rule.

*The import process fails for rules with exception comments*

Comments on rule exceptions will cause the import process to fail as the following system-generated attributes cannot be validated for exception comments ({pull}124742[#124742]):

 * `created_at`
 * `created_by`
 * `updated_at`

>  * `updated_by`

Reviewer 2: As well as `id`

To complete the rule import process successfully, update the exported `.ndjson` file and re-import it:

> . Search the exported `.ndjson` file for exceptions with comments. Exception comments are stored within the `exceptionItem` object (`exceptionItem.comments`).

Reviewer 2: When they search they should just search for `comments` as rules don't have that field so it would just point them to the exception item comments. 
```suggestion
. Search the exported `.ndjson` file for exceptions with comments. Exception comments are stored within the `exceptionItem` object under the `comments` field.
```

. Save the changes.
. Activate the rule.

*The import process fails for rules with exception comments*

> Comments on rule exceptions will cause the import process to fail as the following system-generated fields cannot be validated for exception comments ({pull}124742[#124742]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comments on rule exceptions will cause the import process to fail, as the following system-generated fields cannot be validated for exception comments ({pull}124742[#124742]):
```

 * `created_at`
 * `created_by`
 * `updated_at`
 * `updated_by`
 * `id`

> To complete the rule import process successfully, update the exported `.ndjson` file and re-import it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complete the rule import process successfully, edit the exported `.ndjson` file and re-import it:
```

. Save the changes.
. Activate the rule.

*The import process fails for rules with exception comments*

> Comments on rule exceptions will cause the import process to fail, as the following system-generated fields cannot be validated for exception comments ({pull}124742[#124742]):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Comments on rule exceptions cause the import process to fail, because the following system-generated fields cannot be validated for exception comments ({pull}124742[#124742]):
```

 * `created_at`
 * `created_by`
 * `updated_at`
 * `updated_by`
 * `id`

To complete the rule import process successfully, edit the exported `.ndjson` file and re-import it:

> . Search the exported `.ndjson` file for exceptions with comments. Exception comments are stored within the `exceptionItem` object under the `comments` field.

Reviewer: "Under" seems a little imprecise here.
```suggestion
. Search the exported `.ndjson` file for exceptions with comments. Exception comments are stored within the `exceptionItem` object in the `comments` field.
```

> 

Author: @peluja1012 @madirey would you mind verifying the change I made once the doc build finishes?

> 

Reviewer 4: Looks good!

If you do not manually disable rules before upgrading to {stack} version 8.0.0, they're automatically disabled during the upgrade process and must be manually re-enabled after the process completes. Failure to do so could cause a gap in rule coverage ({pull}120906[#120906]).

> Before upgrading, use the <<rules-api-find, Find rules>> API to retrieve a list of enabled detection rules in your environment. You can reference this list after you upgrade and are re-enabling rules.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before upgrading, use the <<rules-api-find, Find rules>> API to retrieve a list of enabled detection rules in your environment. You can reference this list when re-enabling rules after you upgrade.
```

> We recommend using curl or another HTTP tool to securely run {elastic-sec} APIs. Below is an example curl command that you can run to find enabled rules:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We recommend using curl or another HTTP tool to securely run {elastic-sec} APIs. Below is an example curl command that retrieves a list of your enabled rules:
```
